hello my name is Alma Alba and I'm
working as interior designer at IKEA if
you are one of those have been cooking
dreams and love those big country
kitchens but live in a small apartment
in the city where made a solution for
you of seven square meters usually small
kitchens are made l-shaped to maximize
the floor space but what we've done here
is to sacrifice a bit of a simple space
and made an island to instead maximize
the space book cooking preparing and
washing up and over here if this trolley
on wheels as you easily can move over to
your hop and you have some extra space
all your pots and ingredients and when
you're ready you just put it back
another type of storage is like this
open shelves and like over here raised
easy to find and easy to grab another
way of maximizing storage in a small
kitchen is to use water cabinets all the
way up to the ceiling would really
maximize your storage space we have used
gloss door panels in this kitchen for
several reasons it adds to the country
style it's easy to see and find what
you're looking for and also creates an
open feeling and airiness in a small
kitchen one decoration tips could be to
put your favorite recipes or all those
beautiful pictures that are finding
magazines inside the glass doors and it
personalized your kitchen and then
finally to reach all this storage you
can do like what we're done here to use
a wooden ladder which is foldable and
easy to put away when you're not using
it
you